Seb is back (#13)
Cosmian/mse-home-cli: documentation/docs/getting_started.md

$ msehome test-dev --project example
```

> Testing your code before sending it to the SGX operator is recommanded. Be aware that any errors will require to restart the deployment flow from scratch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Testing your code before sending it to the SGX operator is recommended. Be aware that any error will require to restart the deployment flow from scratch.
```

```console
$ msehome evidence --output workspace/sgx_operator/ \
                   app_name
```

This command collects cryptographic proofs related to the enclave and serialize them as a file named `evidence.json`.

> This command will determine your pccs url by parsing the aesmd service configuration file: `/etc/sgx_default_qcnl.conf`. You can choose another pccs by specifying the `--pccs` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will determine your PCCS url by parsing the aesmd service configuration file: `/etc/sgx_default_qcnl.conf`. You can choose another PCCS by specifying the `--pccs` parameter.
```

              app_name
```

> From now, the real application developped by the code provider is fully operationnal and running. The configuration server started during the previous `spawn` step has been shutdown. Therefore, if you want to change the configuration or the secrets, you need to stop&remove this application and restart the deployment flow from scratch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From now, the real application developed by the code provider is fully operational and running. The configuration server started during the previous `spawn` step has been shutdown. Therefore, if you want to change the configuration or the secrets, you need to stop&remove this application and restart the deployment flow from scratch.
```

```

Note that the `--aes` parameter is the key contained in `secrets_to_seal.json`.

!!! info Fix or Update

>     In case of errors or if the code/the configuration needs to be updated, you shall stop&remove the current rurnning application and restart from scratch the whole deployment flow. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In case of errors or if the code/the configuration needs to be updated, you shall stop&remove the current running application and restart from scratch the whole deployment flow. 
```
